Recipe
Preheat oven to 325°.
In a small food processor, blend blueberries until no large chunks remain.
In a small saucepan over medium heat, add blueberry puree, sugar, and lemon juice.
Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and let simmer until slightly reduced, stirring occasionally, 10 minutes.
Let cool to room temperature. 
Make crust: In a large bowl, mix together graham cracker crumbs, melted butter, and sugar, until mixture resembles wet sand.
Press into bottom and up sides of an 8" or 9" springform pan. 
Make cheesecake: In a large bowl using a hand mixer (or in the bowl of a stand mixer), beat cream cheese and sugar until no lumps remain.
Add eggs, one at a time, then stir in vanilla and sour cream.
Add flour and salt and beat until just combined. Fold in blueberry puree. 
Pour mixture over crust.
Wrap bottom of pan in aluminum foil and place in a large roasting pan.
Pour in enough boiling water to come halfway up the baking pan. 
Bake until center of cheesecake only slightly jiggles, about 1 hour 30 minutes.
Turn off heat, prop open oven door, and let cheesecake cool in oven, 1 hour. 
Remove foil and refrigerate cheesecake until completely chilled, at least 5 hours and up to overnight.
When ready to serve, top cheesecake with whipped cream and blueberries.
Blueberry Cheesecake

How to Make Blueberry Cheesecake
1.In a bowl, mix the crushed biscuits with the butter.
2.Spread it at the bottom of a dish and smoothen with a spoon.
3.Now, freeze it till it becomes hard.
  In a separate bowl, mix the cream cheese with the vanilla essence and the lime juice.
  Mix it well.
4.Dissolve the gelatine with 1 1/2 cups of cold water and keep aside.
5.Boil milk in a pan. In another bowl, mix the egg yolks and sugar.
  Add 2 tbs of the boiling milk.
6.Now add this entire mixture to the pan with the milk. 
  Cook on slow fire to pasteurize the eggs and thicken the mixture.
  Keep stirring constantly.
7.Remove from the fire and mix in the gelatine, cool to room temperature.
8.Add the mixture to the cheese and fold well until all lumps are smoothened out.
9.Finally fold in the whipped cream.
10.Now add this mixture on top of the frozen biscuits.
   Freeze it again till it becomes hard.
   
Prepare the topping:
1.Dissolve the gelatine with cold water and mix it with the blueberry filling.
2.Boil the mixture and then let it cool. Now, pour it over the top of the hardened cheesecake.
3.Set again in the fridge and serve.
